Add caveat about not polyfilling partial support (#210)
oddbird/popover-polyfill: README.md

  styles do use layers, you'll need to ensure the polyfill layer is declared
  first. (e.g. `@layer popover-polyfill, other, layers;`)

> - The polyfill will not work in browsers with partial popover support enabled or
>   attempt to make experimental support match the final spec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The polyfill will not work in browsers with partial popover support enabled,
  and will also not attempt to make experimental support match the final spec.
```
